# 학교에서 발표할거

I'm korean highschool students
in korea, 0 years old mean 1 years old.
so, Elementry school 6th grade 12 years old mean 13 years old.
I'm Damaged when I was 13 years old.
It's an melancholia.
When I was 12 (in normally 11, in korwN 12) years old, I got lost all affirmation and I was cynicist.
Wasn't It cool? I was an cynical guy. Depite I think that the world is fucking things and I must change and servive. but I want to be an programmer, and I was full of confidence and I think cynical makes true and life.
I was love my fate.
But fact is I'm hate that last years of me
I hate what past of my self. I deny it.
I'm tring to be better as obsessively and I was so happy that I overcome the ASD.
But most importdant think is I was puberty but so many people are contradict me that my cynical behavier is too bad
I tell them "the fact that world is fucking asshole and aceept the fact make you strong and feeling alright. Life."
But that day come.
I think about the morality.
I'm act like moral but I think that purpose and result and all of the thing must my alright.
I'm decaring the fact. Forsing categorical imperative to under 14 years old (in koran, 15) is child abuse.
Well. Dose it not cool? I'm Forsing me the categorical imperative.
I'm always act by my moral
First, think about general moral what Society prefer to you, Seccound Be hard on yourself. That my moral.
When I was 10 years old (in korean 10, and normally 9) I was attend a birthday party for my firend.
I ask about "why are this party hole is too old? It's better to rant a more nice one"
But I didn't know that they was live in slum.
I'm not live in hood.
But I said like that. Wow. Crimimal.
So I blame me. When I was 12 years old!
so I perfactly broke up.
I'd fuck up.

When I just be 18 years old (in korean 18. Normally 17), when 2025.01.01, such that
When I just had being HighSchool 2 years old, when 2025.01.01 I'm definally Damged
But I am clearly nice. (Depression and its aftereffects are over)

So I studing hard. Now I'm 18 years old (in korean 18. Normally 17).

Leseners, don't piteid my life.

You make me like this. And I'm declaring like this

"I'm decalring as the evail, We will be like you, I'll be good person. So I won't be die"

You trying to kill me
Everyone that collaborate with society.
Everyone Like collaborate with nazi!

I'll be like you!
I'll be good person.
Now No one kill me.
You will lose.

What you won't be get your goal that kill me.

Everyone, fuck you. I'll be contribute to society
